All right the format will
be familiar this point.
So, we've got main and some to dues.
This time, we don't have any other
functions, it's just all inside main, and
basically, we're going to be working
with Vex for the first time.
So, we've got city names, which is our
vac here, and it's got Python Nia Java's,
Berg Sea by the Sea, and
rust Velez as a the names of our cities.
And we're gonna say last city here and
we're gonna use the pop method on the veck
to remove the last city from the list.
As a hint, you might remember that
we learned in the previous section,
that pop actually returns an option
because what if the veck is empty.
It needs to be able to return something so
option is gonna return sorry option is
gonna contain either some or
none depending on whether or
not the value is there, and as a tip,
I put the syntax for that right here.
Then, we're gonna get that last city I'm
going to say last city dot starts with R.
And if it does start with an R,
then we're gonna print line,
this thing starts with R.
Otherwise we're gonna print that
it doesn't start with an R.
Next to do is say okay,
now that we're done printing whether or
not it starts with R,
which was really important,
we really needed to do that,
like immediately.
Now we're going to use dot push to put
that last city back into city names.
And then finally we're going to print the
entire list of cities by iterating over
the the elements of the veck and
printing them out one at a time.
So this is going to be our first for
loop that we're writing from scratch.